go tell that long tongue liar go and
tell that Midnight Rider till the
Rambler the gamble is a backbiter
government girls go into business with
our children advantage when traffic
manatee internal spoiler copy that yo
does anyone else really not get what the
fuck were doing here with being a
fucking hippie Montez the same bro this
is about the plr we should it be in Iran
not Iraq the crossing borders dog Pilar
is the right people all right they don't
make a mini writer miss potentially this
is Miss banana the situation to benefit
you get your team dismounted it into the
staging area no sir this is 13 copy out
what the fuck are we stopping here for
our objectives 20 klicks north of here I
don't know Montes yeah let's get out on
the road okay let's go
cool
I guess we're late to the party where's
the LT hang a right up here hey you ever
asked yourself by this part of the world
they're so fucked up all the time
gentlemen welcome as you know we're
dealing with the plr insurgents crosses
over from Iran a lot of sectarian
tension I counsel you to remember
gentlemen the people of this country are
not your enemy plr is a tone line 30 we
lost contact with Viper squad
investigating a possible IED near spins
a meat market that's pretty fucking bad
part of town you believe the plr
involved sending you in to find our
Marines provide support called in Casa
vaca if necessary go the Quick Reaction
Force gentlemen I'm trusting you to
handle this let's go find our Marines
we're on it let's go wait behind
gentlemen let's go find this patrol we
have a sitrep on enemy inside this
district
go
man cannot live here I do your targets
what is this school all right I keep
forgetting I don't have schools where
you come on stick together check your
corners
what was there someone needs to tell the
OD to blow those ammo dumps further away
wait tremor big cross street here he'll
expose take one we put it pass
let's move cross tues black boo mack
bitch take you around right
okay moving get the lead out black now
not a single city I don't like this shit
Oh
mark
their movie let me pay let's go let's go
by me can you sit read them up I'm a mom
fucked up put them up RPG my 12 second
floor everybody like that building the
fuck up
you
Oh
fire cease fire cut the hell inside now